Teddy's day out
Peppa and her family are going out forthe day.
Daddy Pig has made a picnic.
Peppa, George, have you got yourstuff ready?
Yes, I'm taking teddy!
Dinosaur!
If you take yourtoys, you must look afterthem!
Yes, Mummy!
Are we all ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig!
Then let's go!
Dinosaur!
George has left Mr. Dinosaur behind.
Oh George, you should
take more care of Mr. Dinosuar!
Dinosaur!
Are we all absolutely sure
we haven't forgotten anything else?
Yes, Daddy Pig!
Teddy! I've left Teddy!
Where did you leave teddy?
I think, on the kitchen table.
Peppa, you really must take more care of Teddy!
Teddy!
Here we go again!
All ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig
Here we go!
This is the picnic area.
We are here!
Hooray!
Ah... I love this picnic spot!
It's so quiet and peaceful!
It is Zoey Zebra with her daddy,
Mr. Zebra the postman.
Hello Mr. Zebra!
Have you got all post?
Ho~~Ho, no delivery today!
It is my day off!
Neigh, we're having a picnic lunch.
So are we!
I know, why don't we make one big picnic?
Yes!
What a splendid picnic!
Please make George and I
leave the table and play with Zoey!
Yes Peppa!
Zoey, I've got my Teddy!
I've got my monkey!
Dinosaur!
I've got a toy picnic set!
Let's play picnics!
Oh, it's the ducks!
They always turn up when we have a picnic.
We've got pretend orange juice.
And we've got pretend cake.
It's pretend cake, it's very nice
Oh, dear. I do not think
the ducks want pretend cake!
Oh, well. That means there's more for monkey,
Mr. Dinosaurand teddy!
Hum, delicious
Monkey says, the best cake ever!
Peppa George home time!
Bye-bye, Zoey
Bye-bye!
Are we all ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig
Home time for us, too, Zoey.
Yes, daddy!
Cups, plates, monkey, teddy.
Oh, no! You shouldn't be here, teddy!
Peppa has forgotten her teddy, again!
Peppa and herfamily are home.
That's enough driving for one day.
All I want to do now is relax!
Put my feet up and watch some...
Teddy!
I forgot Teddy!
Oh Peppa, now Daddy Pig will have to drive
all the way back to the picnic spot.
Huh... Yes of course!
It's Mr. Zebra, the postman
I thought it was your day off today, Mr. Zebra.
It is my day off! But Zoey's got a very
special delivery for a Miss Peppa pig.
Here you are, Peppa
What is it?
It's teddy!
You left teddy behind,
So we brought him home.
Thank you Zoey!
Teddy certainly has had an exciting day out.
But Peppa, you really must take better care of him.
Yes Mummy. You're a very naughty teddy!
You must promise not to wonderoff ever again.
Sorry, Peppa. I promise.